Clarify that the development installation instructions are for Linux (#8494)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/development/install.rst

developing Read the Docs and related services. If you are a contributor to Read the Docs,
it might a be a good idea to follow these guidelines as well.

> To follow these instructions you will need a Linux-like operating system,
> including `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/>`_.
> Other systems are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow these instructions you will need a Unix-like operating system,
or `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/>`_.
Other operating systems are not supported.
```

Think Mac works with our current setup

Author: Right, thanks!
